# Narrify - Storytelling AI Tool
## Introduction
Are you tired of telling the same old stories to your kids? Children’s curiosity is boundless, and they constantly seek new and exciting adventures. To make storytelling fresh and engaging, we introduce Narrify—the perfect solution to keep their imaginations sparked and their hearts entertained.

## Features
- AI-Powered Story Generation: Type in any keyword or prompt, and Narrify will generate a captivating story of at least two paragraphs.
- Visual Enhancements: Enjoy vibrant and relevant images generated by the Hugging Face API to complement each story.

- Visual Enhancements: Enjoy vibrant and relevant images generated by the Hugging Face API to complement each story.
User-Friendly Interface: Easy to navigate and use, with sections for generating stories and viewing generated content.

## Technology Stack
- Text Generation: Gemini API
- Image Generation: Hugging Face API
- Frontend: VITE + React JS

## Usage
#### 1. Home Page
- Read the introduction and explore the features of Narrify.
#### Ask Story Section
- Enter a keyword or prompt to generate a story.
- The AI tool will create a story of at least two paragraphs with an accompanying image.
#### Generated Stories

- View and read stories generated by Narrify.
#### Contact Section

- Reach out for feedback or inquiries.

## Installation

### Steps to Setup
#### 1. Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/AmanWasti9/Story-Teller.git
cd Story-Teller
```
#### 2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```
#### 4. Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```
## If the app stops responding, that might be due to the API key limit. Since this is for testing only, we're working on limited hits, but will accommodate for this in future

## Contributing
We welcome contributions to improve Narrify! If you would like to contribute:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or bugfix.
3. Commit your changes and push to your branch.
4. Create a pull request with a description of your changes.
## Acknowledgements
A big thank you to Ahmed and Asfand for their invaluable contributions to this project. Your support and collaboration made Narrify possible!
